what's going on the guys Crocker here
and welcome some battlefield 3 gameplay
now today it's a very interesting topic
for a lot of my fans and for me so at
GDC today in San Francisco uh
battlefield 4 will be shown for the for
the very first time now this is I
believe it's a closed event so we may
not see anything for you know a good
while but it's not like we're not going
to see anything at all we will because
supposedly from very trusted sources I
can now tell you guys that the trailer
for battlefield 4 is supposed to drop
around 11 p.m. pacific time which would
make it too AM you know eastern time New
York time now I am very very excited
about that because battlefield 4 is
something that it's it's it's a major
title it's a major title a lot of people
are excited as they should be because
you know battlefield 3 was fun and this
is where my question comes for you guys
what would you like to see added what
would you like to see new in battlefield
4 now this could be anything from
multiplayer to single player but you
know let's stick to multiplayer what new
features would you like to see in
multiplayer for battlefield 4 now I just
be prepared for the fact that we're
probably not going to see a multiplayer
reveal any time soon this is probably
going to be a a single player I guess
demo or something as it is with any game
but nevertheless we're still going to be
able to see how at least how battlefield
4 looks you know which is which is quite
cool and so again I'm gonna link you
guys if you want to follow me on twitter
be sure to do so link is in the
description i'm going to link you guys
the trailer i'm going to talk about the
trailer i'm going to try my best to keep
you guys updated with the whole
battlefield 4 stuff we're probably not
going to see multiplayer until e3 or
maybe not even then but there's probably
going to be a beta I mean there has
to be a beta as you guys remember for
anybody that bought medal of honor
warfighter I believe limited edition or
pre-ordered marijuana warfighter or
something or other we have early access
to battlefield 4 beta you know whenever
it's going to come out remember a
battlefield 3 had an alpha on pc now
back in a day and then they had a beta
in october at that same year so it
should be it should be good times from
from again from another leaks and shit
like that they're supposed to be aiming
at full release for 2013 and it's
supposed to be on the next gen consoles
as well now if they're aiming at full
there would be kind of controversial
because obviously the new consoles are
not going to be out in full but in
sometime in december from again from
very reliable sources i'm saying this
the ps4 is set to come out holiday
season so i don't know fall-winter
something like that but either way it's
a battlefield 4 is supposed to be on
next gen consoles and of course on the
pc now there's some talks that there are
going to be 64 meant servers for the
consoles which would be awesome because
playing this map made me realize just
how big it is it's it's huge even for
Team Deathmatch and I had a bit of
trouble not maneuvering around the map
but just finding people but I wanted to
fuck around with the setups a little bit
so i use the i think the m416 with the
ACOG scope i believe but it was still i
think it was pretty pretty decent
gameplay i would say so if you guys
enjoyed the gameplay be sure to leave a
thumbs up be sure to leave your comments
that's very important i want to know you
guys is opinion on the whole battlefield
4 thing some people are not happy about
battlefield for coming out real quickly
like that but you know some other people
including myself I would rather much see
much rather see I don't know bad company
3 rather than battlefield 4 I would give
battlefield for one more year of being
produced but you know if dice or or an
EA are feeling very very confident at
our early release because I would say
two years
between battlefield 3 and battlefield 4
is you know quite little you know I
would leave it for like three maybe even
four years have bad company three come
out which would be you know amazing but
again if dice and EA are feeling up to
par if they're feeling very confident
well then more deep all the power to
them I'm sure battlefield 4 will be good
and some people actually don't know what
they want to see new because some people
believe that battlefield 3 was perfect
now no game is perfect no franchise is
perfect nothing is perfect in this world
so I want to hear you guys opinion what
new features would you like to see
implemented in battlefield 4 this is
Krakow and I will keep you updated my
frame started to drop here so I have to
go take